Miss, what's wrong with your arm?
You scared him just now.
What did he just say to me, bad aunt?
Could it be something you want to say?
Although your family's affairs are not under my control
But after all, you're already married.
And have children
Shouldn't all women be brought home?
Besides, you are a duck who eats youth rice
When the chicken grows up
Your career will inevitably affect him
I said you treat me like a duck
Isn't that true?
How dare you think
Chicken go
Xiaojing, stop being childish.
I'm going home with my mom and sister
Hey go home oops
You scared him
So be it, if you don't mind.
I'll take the chick back with Xixi
All right, let's go.
Mom, I'll take you home and
My sister goes to my lab to play
Where have you been, Jay?
Mom is worried to death
Don't run around anymore
Mom came to pick you up as soon as she got the news
Xiaoqi is your son